  I'd like to clarify a few things. I'm doing certain things differently than I
would if this was an actual site. First, I would break the SearchBox into
separate components/classes like SearchItem and AutocompleteDropdown. I bundled
them all into a single class because the pdf said that it was preferable not to
use any other frameworks. I would normally use Webpack or another package manager
to export and import files and make the code more modular. I'm aware there are
ways to import files in JavaScript but they would've been non conventional and
and overkill given the scope of this problem. Therefore, I found it more sensible
to keep everything under a single class versus having several classes in the
same file.

  I'm also assuming the API does not accept a parameter to request different image
sizes. If it did I would design an algorithm to detect the current screen size
and calculate what the appropriate image size would be to increase efficiency.

  There doesn't seem to be any celebrity data being served when withPeople
is true so I'm not able to append any extra information to the html. If there is
data being passed it could be easily added by editing SearchBox#_itemTag.

There are some inconsistencies with the response data:
  - When the search string c = a it will, sometimes, return a set of results
    where two of the objects have a tt that begins with 'A'. Other times, it will
    return a set of results where there are 5 objects which tts begin with 'A'.
    Without access to the backend I can't really pinpoint the source of this
    problem.

  - It does not contain all the matching titles. When searching for 'a' this
    `data` is sent:
      for (let id in `data`) {
        console.log(`data`[id].tt);
      }
      Far Away Love
      Love Me If You Dare
      Rookie Agent Rouge
      Woman With a Suitcase
      Aim High
      Sun After the Rain
      Teddy Go!
      After The Rain
    There are other titles containing 'a' like 'Angel 'n' Devil', 'Angry Mom'...

  - The API doesn't take language into account so it will return titles as
    "matching" when only one of their foreign titles match.
